[Music]
you're in Antarctica the coldest and one
of the harshest environments on earth
living here is not easy but one group of
animals seem to thrive here
birds sent Andrews Bay is home to half a
million king penguins and right now the
beach is packed with patient chimps
waiting for their parents to return with
food
adults may travel 400 kilometers in
search of fish and this one still has
some left to feed its young
these chicks may have to wait months at
a time between visits so every mouthful
counts upon the hills of bird island
gray-headed albatross are raising chicks
of their own
but living this close to each other does
sometimes leaves disagreements tensions
also appear to be higher among wandering
albatross but this is actually a
courtship display these young birds may
practice their elaborate dancing for
years before pairing up usually for
their entire lives
[Music]
honing their dance takes time which
isn't helped by being interrupted
[Music]
wandering albatross have the largest
wingspan of any bird on earth at over
three metres across their wings allow
them to cruise for hours without
flooding they don't just use them for
flying they play a big part in their
displays a combination of screens
whistles big wraps and wing extensions
will strengthen their bond to each other
a bond which may last 15 years when old
enough they will breed every other year
but breeding success has declined in
recent times with ocean plastic longline
fishing and climate change being major
threats to the species without ongoing
conservation efforts
these birds face an uncertain future